README.md, before:

## POKEDEX

# PROJECT ABSTRACT


We all know what Pokemon is, and most of us might know what a Pokédex is. It is an
encyclopedia focused on providing information on the world of Pokémon, from creatures’
biology to their base stats used in battle. In this project, I would like to replicate the Pokédex that
we see in the anime and games of Pokémon. This project will combine Artificial intelligence; 3D
modeling, NLQ service and cloud service to deliver a fleshed-out and interactive Pokédex
experience. This app also focuses on a hub area where users can create teams, share them and
record their personal “box” of Pokémon. Users can also scan different Pokémon like using their
photograph or even scan a certain TCG card to retrieve info on them. I want to put it on IOS and
Android to enhance that experience of opening up your own Pokédex. This project will expose
me to Machine learning, AR, cloud computing and game data to create an immersive Pokédex
experience. I once created a small project called Pokedex using Python, and in this project, I will
be starting from where I left off but this time, with all these features.

# Rquirements

Please make sure you have Python installed
pip install requests
pip install flask


# TOOLS 

flask
react
python

# JIIRA PROJECT BOARD LINK
https://pokedex-tu.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/PT/boards/3

Commit message:

Fix formatting and update requirements section
Correct formatting and clarify requirements for running the project.

README.md, after:

## POKEDEX

# PROJECT ABSTRACT


We all know what Pokemon is, and most of us might know what a Pokédex is. It is an
encyclopedia focused on providing information on the world of Pokémon, from creatures’
biology to their base stats used in battle. In this project, I would like to replicate the Pokédex that
we see in the anime and games of Pokémon. This project will combine Artificial intelligence; 3D
modeling, NLQ service and cloud service to deliver a fleshed-out and interactive Pokédex
experience. This app also focuses on a hub area where users can create teams, share them and
record their personal “box” of Pokémon. Users can also scan different Pokémon like using their
photograph or even scan a certain TCG card to retrieve info on them. I want to put it on IOS and
Android to enhance that experience of opening up your own Pokédex. This project will expose
me to Machine learning, AR, cloud computing and game data to create an immersive Pokédex
experience. I once created a small project called Pokedex using Python, and in this project, I will
be starting from where I left off but this time, with all these features.

### Rquirements ###

# Please make sure you have Python installed
# pip install requests
# pip install flask
# Once you have installed flask and requests, open up a terminal window in your IDE, make sure you in the root directory of the program and then type
# python app.py

# Once you start the server by running python app.py, you can go to your localhost:5000 to view the site, or your loopback address, and or click the link provided in the terminal output


# TOOLS 

flask
react
python

# JIIRA PROJECT BOARD LINK
https://pokedex-tu.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/PT/boards/3
